dodge this hi guys and welcome to dodge
this on the game station which is my
concise interview show where I talk too
nerdy fantastic people about nerdy
fantastic things so today I have Dave
Thompson
here to talk to us about the new NASCAR
game how are you doing I'm doing great
it's awesome to have you here thank you
for inviting me yeah um so so this game
like it sounds like just from reading
like your bio and things you've been
working on games for a really long time
like are you a NASCAR fan were you
excited to work on this project
definitely is a great opportunity to
work on America's biggest well despite
how much time have you been working on
this so far like it's coming out pretty
soon right
yeah kendama Tuesday we've been working
well and that's gone for about two years
now the jungle is a company attendance
we've been developing video games for 20
years had the NASCAR fans responded as
as well as you thought they would like I
know that when it was announced
everybody was saying NASCAR fans are
going to be just like freaking out about
this like really excited it's actually
it's amazing we've got our own forums at
you techniques and the actual passion
that we found from NASCAR fans is
something I've never known before in any
games we've been working out so you know
they always want you to pay attention to
the minor details and make sure you're
really hitting the core in the sport so
it's been quite refreshing to over
that's kind of people are you guys
feeling feeling really secure and
knowing that you're representing like
well yeah we've done a good job of
representing this fall you're always a
little bit kind of nervous that you know
you never do please don't bill all the
time but you know we've definitely gone
after the most market and I'm pretty
sure we pay well yeah what's what's
different about this game in terms of
like the entire franchise like I know
that the another another game with
NASCAR in it is going to be coming out
pretty soon like what's going to set
this one apart I think we've been after
the the authenticity of this sport you
know we've had a lot of input from the
teams NASCAR and these and things like
that so we've really captured the
essence of nasty
and represented it in a very authentic
way with what we shown they found so far
they've given as that kind of feed about
that we really hit that sweet spot so I
I read that there isn't gonna be a PC
version why is that it doesn't have to
do it like mechanics all right not
really when we're not developing a PC
version at the moment we do have the
rights to develop the PC version and
it's something we're looking at
obviously you have the likes of iRacing
that's in that space so you know we have
to make sure that we're aiming at the
right market and things but I'd say
watch this space yeah yeah awesome kind
of on the on the same subject like are
you guys planning on doing I'm taking
advantage of downloadable content are
you gonna be utilizing that about yeah
well for the the game ships with the
2010 attracts drivers paint schemes and
then we're actually doing a free update
for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in about
two months time which brings up for the
2011 season so it has all the new paint
schemes all the new teams and new
drivers so it brings all that stuff up
today we're also gonna add a few extra
features that would kind of keep them
quiet yeah we're gonna you know we're
gonna make it exciting just keep
reinvigorate and the actual franchise
yeah for sure so in terms of like this
this game is mostly you're planning on
being mostly an online racing game right
like like utilizing multiplayer or this
it's got a heavy online contingent that
no it says
equally as good as a single-player so
I'm going single-player you play the
whole Sprint Cup season
it's a driver you choice or you can be
you know Jimmy Johnson or somebody like
that but yeah there's a there's a good
online element as well um which like how
did head of the project start off how
you planned on having both elements as
equally balanced or did you start off
with one idea and then branch into
well generally the marketplace kind of
dictates what you need to do so you know
the this day and age you have to look
online online component to the game and
you know it it's weighting your
longevity of the game as well because
once people have finished doing the
career mode that can always jump online
and play with the friends all the time
so it's really important that we address
that and we've done really well with
that so what what's like the next stage
like what's what's the next thing that
you guys are planning on working on
Moscow 2012 are you guys actually
actively talking about doing that yet
was still in discussions I worked on
some pretty many designs and things like
that so one great thing about this is
we're gonna have a lot of feedback from
the fans from 2011 so we know they're
gonna kind of steer the path of
franchise because ultimately that's who
we're developing it for or not develop
it for ourselves so you know we take a
lot of feedback from those guys and then
start pushing in that direction awesome
well thank you so much for joining us it
was actually the end of the game station
1 but we're going to continue talking so
you guys would like to tune in to press
hard to continue that is my channel
we're gonna continue talking for another
like 5 minutes or so so again thank you
so much for joining us remote um if you
would like to go to my channel you can
go ahead and click on boba and he will
take you there but otherwise thanks for
tuning in and tune in again to see who
will talk to you next time